[Music]
at Calle Sevilla number 7 Calle
Sevilla I'm
really going to drop a
big bomb okay
they confirmed it to me this afternoon minutes
before starting the live okay
Maria Reliable sources
close to Mediaset
have offered
Survivors
an amount that could be around
50,000 euros per week Peppa
to Miss Marta risk risk
per week
that is already an offer and one that can be rejected
that offer cannot be said no to
eh I mean but man
my goodness a month Imagine that you earn I mean that
is already a serious offer eh And it is
reliable Let's see obviously I have no
proof of this nor can I prove it in
any way you said you said
50,000
50,000 per week
very interested in Marta going risk
to Survivors to the point that they
would be capable even I who know how to
accommodate the path that she gets into
issues I don't know things okay the sources that
tell me this are quite reliable I
trust that source Let's see I have no
proof I have no proof but I also have no
doubts I tell you one thing Javi is that
they would have
raise a
quite high audience percentage because
even though she is survivor right
now she is the star reality show on
Telecinco
Marta the fuchsia tide was going to hit her from
all sides and the blue tide
and we are going to be more or less with her I am
not getting married but don't you realize that
in the end she
doesn't seem like a bad person to me she seems
more like a bad person but don't you realize that in the end
the spiral always returns to the beginning which is Antonio
David you
may know Marta is at risk if they take her to
survivors it is not because of you I don't know because you
are a very professional girl and a great
reporter and because you worked with Ana
Rosa Quintana I would take her because of the morbidity
associated with the fact that she is now
Antonio David's current partner the interesting thing is not
Marta's risk in itself but everything that
can be forced on her in a situation as
difficult as being on that island
and let's see what she says And then we
would have they have already been on the island
the current partner of Jesús de Antonio
David the previous partner of Antonio
Moreno and the daughter Rocío Flores
who else is left who are we going to take we
have to exploit this already somehow it did not go
very well not in audience no
the preparation we have not
even  commented I barely
know who won Peppa let's see
what they tell him over here, the
finalist was a Bourbon boy who I find
very funny, he seemed like he was, a
skinny one, he who at first said
this boy, don't give two days, in the end he
reached the final and then another one won,
a boy won, a boy that I think was made by
Alejandro from the island where we haven't
seen him Alejandro,
survivor and bursts, it
's an offer that can't be refused
there, I mean, if he rejects this or in my
opinion if he rejects this it's
because he's too afraid of criticism
because he's signed so many times that he
rejected it because it's not the first time that
last year they offered it to him a thousand
times, okay, or because he doesn't trust
the other one from here. Only something else doesn't
occur to me, like when you come back
things won't be as they were, you
know, but really 50,000 euros
a week if it's true that I think it is
a figure that can already be rejected.
We'll see about that in a short time, they're already
taking steps.
Of course,
of course, let's go, I would be clear about it,
according to what they tell me, he's not there, he's not in the
mood to accept it  I mean, this man, let's
see, it's an offer that is, it
's 50,000 bucks a week, yes. But
Javi, and look now that you're talking about it,
but not everything at this moment for this
girl could be money, this is like
what happened with Raquel, I mean, it's a
set-up, in the end, a set-up and they're not
going to let her, let's say, they're not going to give her that
millimeter of truce and of course it's the big
set-up, not for her benefit,
but rather to listen to me, I see it more from the
outside because I'm not pending this
with you every day, it's
twisting the spiral again, to return to the
same thing because in the end we would talk about
Marta, at risk because of her relationship with Antonio
David, because if not, what are we going to talk about,
how they get along and about the tests? No,
man, the tests are something good and
fun, and such. But the morbidity of
survivors is not the tests of
anything at all, nor if they get thinner
or fatter or lose more
muscle mass or not, in the end they are anecdotes, what is
interesting is the joke, it's
off. Paco, there in that case here
yes, but sometimes everything. It's not the money,
euros.  a week eh
they were at 80
but maybe now I'll tell you but anyway I do
n't know I have no idea and let everyone
do what they want, I mean no, I'm not the
one to give advice, I've never
liked giving recommendations sometimes the
moment is not the right one and I think that
now this girl will have logically spoken to you
with her current partner and
hey, are we interested in this now or are we not
interested in it if they were interested they would say it
calmly and hey and we have to
respect it here, everyone does what they
want, everyone
does what they want on television
what do you think Antonio David would think
people are portrayed by their
decisions they are free
this to me that the girl does like for
example imagine without disrespecting and
without looking down on anyone but things
as they are Alesia up to where she is
right now because it was the
Merlos case and she joined the reality shows she
joined she does
pull characters you know I don't know she did a lot of
drugs Marta riesgo has rejected
many things I mean to me No I wouldn't
think badly of her if now she suddenly
accepted this because she's not
accepting any  What
happens is that it's Jorge Javier
Vázquez
According to what Marinas Nadal said yesterday
Who's going to present the program and that's
where I find
that rejection could be. Of course because Hey, let it be
Jorge Javier Vázquez
who gives you the floor and who tells you And
what about Knowing everything that Jorge
Javier Vázquez and that I've given you a
hard time man, this puts you in the
lion's den Of course, that's what she
has Look what they did to Raquel
the other day with Independencia, that there have
been criticisms about whether she should
or shouldn't have gone because of the money
that is outside She was a nurse Well,
what Marta did would be a ferrona on
an island
but a trap, let's see but the character
is Raquel I knew it was an ambush
Look yesterday they asked me and I didn't
want to take a position because I would never
tell Raquel not to go to a program
or go to the program Why Because in my
circumstances professionally
as a journalist Of course go as many times as
necessary but as a friend I
would have told her
[Music]